Add example function triggered based on vSphere Alarm (#470)
vmware-samples/vcenter-event-broker-appliance: examples/knative/powershell/kn-ps-slack-vsphere-alarm/README.md

# kn-ps-slack-vsphere-alarm

> Example Knative PowerShell function for sending to a Slack webhook when a vSphere Alarm is triggered leveraging [Knative Flows (Sequence and Parallel)](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/flows/) constructs. The example below currently forwards all "enriched" vSphere Alarm Events to function. To restrict or limit the function applicablity, you can filter on the specific vSphere Alarm name. For more further details, please refer to the `handler.ps1` example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example Knative PowerShell function for sending to a Slack webhook when a vSphere Alarm is triggered leveraging [Knative Flows (Sequence and Parallel)](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/flows/) constructs. The example below currently forwards all "enriched" vSphere Alarm Events to the function. To restrict or limit the function applicability, you can filter on the specific vSphere Alarm name. For further details, please refer to the `handler.ps1` example.
```
